--------3种event-----------

    A Play:
        describes a player’s ¿attempt¿ to switch ball control to another member of his team.
        A play event may be executed as
            a Pass or 
            a Cross.


        Whether a play is a Cross
            depends upon the positions of
                the acting player and
                the possible recipient.
            The player playing the cross
                must be located `approx.`  inside one of the 4 crossing zones.
                        The 4 zones are marked by
                            the touchlines,
                            the extended sides of the penalty area,
                            the goal lines and
                            the imaginary quarter-way lines,
                                which would be drawn at
                                a quarter of the length of the pitch
                                parallel to the half-way line (see figure below).

            The possible cross recipient must be located (approx.)
                inside the penalty area.

            the distance of the ball played must be
                        medium-length (from 10 to 30 meters)
                        or long (more than  30 meters)
            and the height of the ball played
                must be high (played above knee height). 
            
            If the ball is blocked by  an opposing player,
            In order to
            classify a ball played as a cross
                it is not the actual height or  distance travelled that is  decisive,
                but the intended height or  distance. 
            
            cross pass 横传 ?  
            
            
        The 2nd type of play is a Pass.

        Every Play action (both Pass and  Cross)
            is executed in within a context,
            making it one of these 3:
            
                A Corner (Kick)
                    refers to a situation
                    where the Play  is executed to restart the game after
                    the ball went out of play over the goal line following the touch of the defending team player.
                    The ball must be kicked from the closest field corner and
                    be stationary on the ground when it’s kicked off.   
                
                A Free Kick
                    the Play is executed to
                    restart the game
                    after the referee had ¿stopped¿ it due to an infringement of the rules.
                    The ball must be kicked and
                    be stationary on the ground when it's kicked off.
                 
                An Open Play
                    executed in-play and
                    not from a dead ball situation  (like corner kick,  free kick)

    Throw-Ins 
        a situation 
            the game is restarted after
            (following the touch of the opposite team, )
            the ball went out of play
            over the sideline.
        The ball must be thrown with hands,
            from behind and  over the head of executing player.

    Challenge
        a player action  during which
        2 players of opposing teams
            are physically capable of either gaining
                                      or receiving ball control
            and
            attempt to do  so.
        
        One of the 2 players should 
            touch the ball or
            foul the opposing player.


        A distinction is made between the following cases:   
                
            Opponent rounded:
                a player in ball control
                stays in ball control after the challenge,
                having left the opposing player behind him.
                Situations where the opponent is not able to gain possession
                (e.g.  when the ball is “flicked” over the opponent)
                are also to be recorded as challenges.
            
            
            
            Ball action carried out:
            event_attributes里叫¿ball_action_forced¿
                applies when
                        none of
                            the players involved in the challenge
                        are in ball control at the start of the challenge
                                (e.g.
                                aerial challenges,
                                challenges for the 1st touch of the ball)
                        and
                        at the end of the challenge,
                            one player determines the direction of the ball

            Fouled:
                the referee called a foul.

            Opponent dispossessed:
                a player not in ball control dispossesses the opposing player in ball control.

            Challenge during release of the ball: 
                applies when shots or
                             balls played
                            are forced or blocked during challenges.
                            A challenge is only recorded,
                                if the ball played or shot
                                    travels through the area that the defending player is attempting to
                                    cover from a tactical perspective.
                                    All other cases are not recorded as challenges.

            Possession retained during challenge:
                one of the players involved in the challenge
                has certain ball control at the start of the challenge and
                manages to retain it,
                despite the efforts to dispossess him of the opponent involved in the challenge.
 
数据集

    The competition dataset comprises
        video recordings of
        9 football games divided into halves.

    You need to detect 3 kinds of player events:
        both the time 
        and  the type,

    During the ¿training stage¿, (10月10日前?)
        your submission will only be run against test data for the public leaderboard.  

    training  folder:
        for 4 of the games, 
            both halves are included.

        for the other 4 games.
            only one half

    train.csv - Event annotations for videos in the ¿train/¿ folder.
        video_id         - Identifies which video the event occurred in.

        event            - The type of event occurrence, one of challenge, play, or throwin.
                            Also present are labels start and end
                            indicating the ¿scoring intervals¿ of the video.
                            See the Evaluation page for information about scoring intervals.
                            Scoring intervals are not provided for the test set videos.

        event_attributes - Additional descriptive attributes for the event.

        time             - The time, in seconds, the event occurred within the video.

    test/
        ( public leaderboard )
        1 full game and
        4 half-games  (the other half of each game being in the training set)

    clips/ 
        Short clips from 10 ¿additional¿ games,
        without ¿event annotations¿ (train的csv里有clips里的视频的文件名吗?)
        You may wish to use these clips to
            help your model generalize to environments not represented in the training data.    


you will ¿submit¿ a ¿notebook¿
    that makes predictions against a hidden test set.

    The test set visible here is only an example
    to help you author submission code.

    When you submit your notebook for scoring,
        this example  data will be replaced by
        the actual test data.


    the example  test videos are only  clips (~30 sec),
    while the true hidden test videos are full halves (~50 min).
    The name and  number of videos may also be different.
    To ensure your submission completes successfully,
        you should make your code robust to such variations.
        See our Code Competition Debugging page for tips.

